SOLUTIONS FOR "BURP SUITE-THE BASICS" ROOM :-
Introduction:-
        Q. Let us start!
        Ans: No answer needed
What is Burp Suite:-
        Q. Which edition of Burp Suite runs on a server and provides constant scanning for target web apps?
        Ans: burp suite enterprise
        Q. Burp Suite is frequently used when attacking web applications and ______ applications.
        Ans: mobile
Features of Burp Community:-
        Q. Which Burp Suite feature allows us to intercept requests between ourselves and the target?
        Ans: proxy
        Q. Which Burp tool would we use to brute-force a login form?
        Ans: intruder
Installation:-
        Q. If you have chosen not to use the AttackBox, ensure that you have a copy of Burp Suite installed before proceeding.
        Ans: No answer needed
The Dashboard:-
        Q. What menu provides information about the actions performed by Burp Suite, such as starting the proxy, and details about connections made through Burp?
        Ans: event log
Navigation:-
        Q. Which tab Ctrl + Shift + P will switch us to?
        Ans: proxy tab
Options:-
        Q. In which category can you find a reference to a "Cookie jar"?
        Ans: sessions
        Q. In which base category can you find the "Updates" sub-category, which controls the Burp Suite update behaviour?
        Ans: suite
        Q. What is the name of the sub-category which allows you to change the keybindings for shortcuts in Burp Suite?
        Ans: hotkeys
        Q. If we have uploaded Client-Side TLS certificates, can we override these on a per-project basis (yea/nay)?
        Ans: yea
Introduction to the Burp Proxy:-
        Q. Click me to proceed to the next task.
        Ans: No answer needed
Connecting through the Proxy (FoxyProxy):-
        Q. Click me to proceed to the next task.
        Ans: No answer needed
Site Map and Issue Definitions:-
        Q. What is the flag you receive after visiting the unusual endpoint?
        Ans: THM{NmNlZTliNGE1MWU1ZTQzMzgzNmFiNWVK}
The Burp Suite Browser:-
        Q. Click me to proceed to the next task.
        Ans: No answer needed
Scoping and Targeting:-
        Q. Add http://MACHINE_IP/ to your scope and change the proxy settings to only intercept traffic to in-scope targets.
           See the difference between the amount of traffic getting caught by the proxy before and after limiting the scope.
        Ans: No answer needed
Proxying HTTPS:-
        Q. If you are not using the AttackBox, configure Firefox (or your browser of choice) to accept the PortSwigger CA certificate for TLS communication through the Burp Proxy.
        Ans: No answer needed
Example Attack:-
        Q. Click me to proceed to the next task.
        Ans: No answer needed
Conclusion:-
        Q. I understand the fundamentals of using Burp Suite!
        Ans: No answer needed
